docs: Add cn docs (#7791)
continuedev/continue: docs/index.mdx

---
title: "Welcome to Continue"
icon: book-open

> description: "The open-source AI coding assistant platform for VS Code, JetBrains IDEs, terminal, and CI/CD workflows"

Reviewer: I will work on this text some more and add a suggestion. I think we need to cut down the number of words. People don't read these days

---

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/intro-0c302b9c15b890c251b1ad04586c880f.png" />
</Frame>

> <Info>

Reviewer: I will work on this text some more and add a suggestion. I think we need to cut down the number of words. People don't read these days

  **Continue enables developers to ship faster with Continuous AI assistance
  across their entire development workflow.**
</Info>

> Continue is the open-source platform for building AI-powered coding assistants that work seamlessly across your IDE, terminal, and CI/CD pipelines. Whether you're coding interactively or automating development tasks, Continue adapts to your workflow.

Reviewer: I will work on this text some more and add a suggestion. I think we need to cut down the number of words. People don't read these days

## 🚀 Quick Start

Get up and running with Continue in minutes:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Try Continue CLI">
      For automation and headless environments:
      <CodeBlock>npm install -g @continuedev/cli</CodeBlock> 
      <Card title="CLI Documentation" icon="terminal" href="/guides/cli">
        Learn more about Continue CLI features
      </Card>
    </Step>
  <Step title="Install IDE Extension">
    Choose your preferred development environment:
   
    <CardGroup cols={2}>
      <Card
        title="VS Code"
        icon="code"
        href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Continue.continue"
      >
        Install from VS Code Marketplace
      </Card>
      <Card
        title="JetBrains"
        icon="jet-fighter"
        href="https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/22707-continue-extension"
      >
        Install from JetBrains Plugin Repository
      </Card>
    </CardGroup>
  </Step>

  <Step title="Explore Continue Hub">
    Discover pre-built models, rules, and MCP tools:
    <Card title="Continue Hub" icon="hub" href="https://hub.continue.dev/">
      Browse community resources and integrations
    </Card>
  </Step>
</Steps>

> ## 🤔 CLI vs IDE Extensions

Reviewer: I think here we need three categories:

1. IDE Extensions

- Visual code editing with rich context
- Interactive feedback and assistance
- Autocomplete and inline suggestions

2. CLI (REPL mode)

- Real-time coding sessions
- Multi-file editing and complex refactoring
- Longer duration development tasks

3. CLI (Continuous AI mode)

- Script repetitive development workflows
- Integrate with CI/CD pipelines
- Set up pre-commit hooks and automated fixes

      </Accordion>

      <Accordion title="Headless Environments" icon="server">
          - Server deployments and containers
          - Terminal-centric development
          - Batch processing and bulk operations
          - Remote development workflows
      </Accordion>
    </AccordionGroup>

  </Tab>

  <Tab title="💻 Use IDE Extensions When">
    <AccordionGroup>
      <Accordion title="Interactive Development" icon="code">
          - Real-time coding sessions
          - Visual code editing with rich context
          - Multi-file editing and complex refactoring
          - Immediate feedback and assistance

      </Accordion>

      <Accordion title="Rich IDE Features" icon="puzzle-piece">
          - Autocomplete and inline suggestions
          - Debugger and test runner integration
          - Syntax highlighting and error detection
          - Project-wide navigation and search

      </Accordion>
    </AccordionGroup>

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## ✨ Core Features

Explore Continue's powerful AI-assisted development capabilities:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="🤖 Agent" icon="robot" href="/features/agent/quick-start">

>     Collaborate with AI on complex development tasks and multi-step workflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Collaborate on complex development tasks and multi-step workflows
```

  </Card>

<Card title="💬 Chat" icon="messages" href="/features/chat/quick-start">
  Ask questions, get explanations, and clarify code sections interactively
</Card>

<Card title="✏️ Edit" icon="pen-to-square" href="/features/edit/quick-start">

>   Modify code sections with AI assistance without leaving your current file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Modify a code section without leaving your current file
```

</Card>

  <Card
    title="⚡ Autocomplete"
    icon="sparkles"
    href="/features/autocomplete/quick-start"
  >

>     Receive intelligent inline code suggestions as you type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Receive inline code suggestions as you type
```
